--- Log opened Thu May 02 10:00:06 2013
10:00 -!- Changsuk [~Changsuk@121.133.176.50] has joined #web-ui-fw
10:00 < _|Nix|_> Hey all!
10:00 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: Hi~
10:00 < _|Nix|_> Shall we get things rolling?
10:00 < Hyunsook> Hi~ All~
10:00 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: yes~
10:00 < Kangsik> Hi~ All :-)
10:01 < _|Nix|_> So, who wants to go first? Kangsik?
10:02 < _|Nix|_> BTW: I figured out how to turn on logging. So, I can post logs of this meeting somewhere.
10:02 < Changsuk> All: ha ha~~
10:02 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: oh~~
10:02 < Hyunsook> _|Nix|_: I'll first. :)
10:02 < _|Nix|_> OK.
10:02 < _|Nix|_> Hyunsook: Go ahead!
10:02 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: so where will you put it on?
10:03 < Hyunsook> _|Nix|_: I sent you email yesterday for the API build system. Did you read that?
10:03 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: No, I didn't get your email.
10:03 < Changsuk> Hyunsook: Ah.... sorry..
10:04 < Changsuk> Hyunsook: I was confused with Gabriel. ;)
10:04 < Hyunsook> Changsuk: NP.
10:04 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: I was thinking http://gabrielschulhof.github.io/
10:04 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: Where will you post the meeting logs?
10:05 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: Actually, we can make it more official: http://web-ui-fw.github.com
10:05 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: Something like http://web-ui-fw.github.com/irc-logs/2013-05-02.log.txt
10:05 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: Yeah, I think, web-ui-fw on GH is better than your site. 
10:05 < _|Nix|_> Hyunsook: I saw your mail.
10:06 < _|Nix|_> Hyunsook: Good work!
10:06 < Hyunsook> _|Nix|_: Thanks. did you build it?
10:07 < _|Nix|_> Hyunsook: I was thinking: Is there a way to make your changes to those repos in such a way that they are compatible with both grunt-0.3 and grunt 0.4?
10:07 < _|Nix|_> Hyunsook: That way, if you made a PR it would stand a better chance of being accepted.
10:07 < _|Nix|_> Hyunsook: Not yet, I'm afraid.
10:07 < _|Nix|_> Hyunsook: I can try building now, as we meet.
10:08 < Hyunsook> _|Nix|_: Well....
10:09 < _|Nix|_> Hyunsook: ... running npm install in docs/
10:09 < _|Nix|_> Hyunsook: Builds fine.
10:09 < Hyunsook> _|Nix|_: If now they are compatible with both grunt-0.3 and grunt 0.4, they will be check original repos of modules.
10:10 < _|Nix|_> Hyunsook: I don't understand.
10:11 < _|Nix|_> Hyunsook: Wait ... I didn't try running grunt deploy ... running that now.
10:11 < _|Nix|_> Hyunsook: Looks good so far.
10:11 < Hyunsook> _|Nix|_: They clone modules/codes from original repository  and
10:13 < Hyunsook> _|Nix|_: also they clone modules/codes from my repo. And then they can compare them, like diff.
10:14 < _|Nix|_> Hyunsook: OK. I can have a look at the diff and see if I can make it backwards-compatible.
10:15 < Hyunsook> _|Nix|_: If they compare them on my repo only, maybe.... I think... I'll commit modules on my new repo again. - 1) commit for grunt-0.3. 2) commit modifications on grunt-0.4.
10:16 < _|Nix|_> Hyunsook: Works great! I see that running grunt deploy from docs/ will delete jQM content and replace it with web-ui-fw content.
10:16 < _|Nix|_> Hyunsook: Very nice!
10:17 < Hyunsook> _|Nix|_: Thanks~ :)
10:17 < Changsuk> All: Ok... then, I think, Hyunsook completed her job so Can we just write our widget documents?
10:17 < _|Nix|_> Yeah, I think it's gotten so far.
10:18 < Hyunsook> Changsuk: Yes, we can.
10:20 < _|Nix|_> Alright ...
10:20 < _|Nix|_> Who's next?
10:20 < Changsuk> Hyunsook: Thanks so much. :)
10:21 < Changsuk> Kangsik: Do you have any words to talk? Can you start?
10:22 < Hyunsook> All: I think that _|Nix|_ can build the doc after he make the doc,  but Kansik and Chansuk cannot it. So
10:22 < _|Nix|_> Oh, really?
10:23 < Changsuk> Hyunsook: Should I and Kangsik have the build solutions?
10:23 < Hyunsook> All: Becasue they didnot set up the build environment - grunt deploy.
10:23 < _|Nix|_> All I did was git pull origin jqm; git clean -x -d -f -f; cp ../api.jquerymobile.com/config.json docs/; cd docs; npm cache clean; npm install; grunt deploy;
10:24 < _|Nix|_> Hyunsook: Oh, that's right. They need to set up the Web server and stuff.
10:24 < Hyunsook> _|Nix|_: Right.
10:24 < Changsuk> Hyunsook: Ok, I'll do it tomorrow.
10:24 < _|Nix|_> *sigh* ... we should really have a central Web server ...
10:24 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: yes, I think so.
10:25 < Hyunsook> Kangsik, Changsuk: If you make docs - xmls and htmls and share them, I'll build them instead.
10:25 < Kangsik> Hyunsook: Yes. I will do it tomorrow.
10:25 < Hyunsook> Kangsik, Changsuk: OK.
10:25 < _|Nix|_> Hyunsook: Actually, if they create them and run grunt and everything passes, they should just be able to commit and push. Then you can build whenever you want.
10:25 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: hmmm.... Do you have a Web server to share with us?
10:26 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: I have my personal Web server at http://babulina.go-nix.ca/
10:26 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: It has a LAMP setup, so it could work, but it's very weak: Nokia N810 :)
10:26 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: Nokia N810 + external HDD :)
10:26 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: So, not exactly a data centre :)
10:27 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: Ok... so can we connect to the server with telnet?
10:27 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: You won't need to. 
10:27 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: I think we can use that server at first.
10:27 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: I can make it so the server checks github every once in a while and pulls from it.
10:28 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: Then, it builds the docs locally.
10:28 < Changsuk> All: After our widget is popular, we can change the server to a new thing.
10:28 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: So, if you edit/commit/push, eventually it will pull and build, and then you'll be able to see the cahnges.
10:29 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: thanks~
10:29 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: Yeah, I think we'll have to, because my family will have no Internet connection anymore :)
10:29 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: I spoke to a colleague at work and he said we might be able to make use of 01.org ...
10:29 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: ah.... what'a shame.
10:30 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: really?
10:30 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: Yeah ... that's our public-facing infrastructure.
10:30 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: I hope that he will make it.
10:30 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: ;)
10:30 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: Let's see.
10:32 < _|Nix|_> OK. So that's a few ARs for me.
10:32 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: Wanna talk about optimization?
10:33 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: After we make the documents and 4 widgets, when can we talk to jQM team about our widgets?
10:33 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: Ok.
10:33 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: For sure!
10:34 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: ah... I'm wondering when can we talk to jQM team. :)
10:34 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: Well, when we have the demos/docs up and running, I think.
10:35 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: I think you can talk to them. :)
10:35 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: Then they can list us on the resources page.
10:35 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: yes... then?
10:36 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: When we have the demos/docs up and running.
10:36 < Hyunsook> _|Nix|_: And... the unit-tests.
10:37 < _|Nix|_> Right.
10:37 < _|Nix|_> Those too ...
10:38 < _|Nix|_> So yeah, that's basically the long-term plan.
10:38 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: ... so, optimization?
10:39 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_, Hyunsook: long-term... but I think, after we make all of things, can we talk to jQM team to use our widgets on jQM?
10:39 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: Yeah, I'll
10:40 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: For sure!
10:40 < _|Nix|_> BTW: Check this out: http://nativedroid.godesign.ch/
10:42 < _|Nix|_> Really cool!
10:42 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: It looks nice~!
10:42 < Changsuk> who make it?
10:43 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: It just a theme?
10:43 < _|Nix|_> Presumably some guy in Switzerland ...
10:43 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: I think it has some widgets, too ...
10:43 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: ah..ha.
10:43 < _|Nix|_> Like the gallery.
10:44 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: hmmm... I think, that site may compete with us.
10:44 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: That's fine. Competition is good.
10:45 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: anyway, I'll talk about the performance.
10:45 < _|Nix|_> OK.
10:47 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: I'm sorry that My team didn't look into Ugomobi's codes yet. 
10:47 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: My team can start to get the codes in next week.
10:48 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: Because my team haven't completed the job which have started last week.
10:48 < _|Nix|_> That's fine.
10:49 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: Make sure that when you do look at the branch, you go step-by-step, because there may be things in there that are mostly architectural, especially towards the end.
10:49 < _|Nix|_> Jasper's been trying to reduce the number of classes used in jQM.
10:50 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: Ok. I see
10:50 < _|Nix|_> The plan is to get people to apply the classes themselves, instead of adding them from JS.
10:50 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: If my team get some trouble, I'll ask you or Jasper. :)
10:50 < _|Nix|_> However, that means that inheritance and selectors/scoping have to work correctly.
10:50 < _|Nix|_> So, that's what he's been improving.
10:51 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: Ok.
10:52 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: My team changed some codes using $.data() and added the codes to Tizen WebUIFW.
10:52 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: Next he wants to make theme inheritance work via CSS. This should remove the need for $.mobile.getInheritedTheme().
10:53 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: OK, I'll check the jQM codes after our meeting. :)
10:54 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: My team changed the codes using data() as follows.
10:54 < Changsuk> fromPage.data( "page" )._trigger( "beforehide", null, ... ); 
10:55 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: to "fromPage[0].page._trigger( "beforehide", null, ... );"
10:55 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: My team changed some codes like that case.
10:55 < _|Nix|_> Aha! That's not bad ... using a property on the DOM element directly.
10:55 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: We got a big improvement.
10:56 < _|Nix|_> That's great!
10:56 < _|Nix|_> It's good that Tizen supports this reliably.
10:56 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: yes, right.
10:56 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: yeah.
10:56 < _|Nix|_> It might be worth checking if all our supported platforms now support this, especially since we've dropped IE7 ...
10:57 < _|Nix|_> ... in jQM I mean.
10:57 < _|Nix|_> However, I'd go with something like fromPage[0].userData.page._trigger( ... )
10:57 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: And my team found some jqmData calls and change it to getAttrFixed which you made. :)
10:57 < _|Nix|_> Sweet!
10:58 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: yeah, We should check the other browsers but Tizen Web UIFW is just running on Tizen browser.
10:59 < _|Nix|_> I can ask the jQuery core developers about changing the implementation of $.data to use native properties when the browser supports them.
10:59 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: really?
10:59 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: Yeah, that's why we can make these changes for Tizen.
10:59 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: Yes, I mean, it would be a huge performance benefit ... /if/ we can show that it would work on all browser supported by jQuery.
11:00 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: yes, right. If they accept the codes, I'll do a PR with that.
11:00 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: ... if we can show this and jQuery makes the change, then the change would be available as of jQuery 2.0.x or 2.1.x ...
11:01 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: Just to be clear: I'm talking about jQuery core here, not jQuery Mobile.
11:01 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: Yes, I think so. It may take some time...
11:01 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: :) Yes.
11:01 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: I know. :)
11:02 < _|Nix|_> OK. That's great!
11:02 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: So, how many ms are left until the magical 1000?
11:04 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: And my team is changing globalization module to use XMLHttpRequest directly. 
11:04 < Changsuk> ... Not yet. 
11:04 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: It remains around 200ms
11:05 < _|Nix|_> Man ... still a lot of work ...
11:05 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: yeah.
11:05 < _|Nix|_> It just won't go down :/
11:06 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: I'm wondering: Can you change the implementation of $.data to use the DOM element directly? Then you need to make the change in only one spot and all calls to $.data, el.data(), and el.jqmData() would be improved ...
11:06 < Changsuk> But After all of tuned codes are added to Tizen, we may reduce 100ms or more.
11:07 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: We can't change all of cases. 
11:07 < _|Nix|_> I see.
11:07 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: What are some cases that need to stay the way they are?
11:08 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: Let me see....
11:12 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: there are many things to remain. We should use Ugomobi's codes first and improve changePage, setScrollPosition and bridget methods.
11:12 < _|Nix|_> OK.
11:12 < _|Nix|_> That's cool!
11:12 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: and my team and SEC folks will do code refactoring.
11:12 < _|Nix|_> OK.
11:13 < _|Nix|_> You guys are doing awesome work!
11:13 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: Ah... One big thing is remained.
11:13 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: Asyn. loading. :)
11:13 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: Asynchrounous loading. 
11:13 < _|Nix|_> Right.
11:14 < _|Nix|_> How's that going?
11:14 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: I think if we do all of things, we will get the goal ~! 
11:15 < _|Nix|_> I really hope so. Have you talked to the SDK guys about asynchronous loading?
11:15 < _|Nix|_> If we do the sync/async split, that might require support from the SDK.
11:16 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: Yeah. The goal sounds reachable.
11:16 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: Async. loading will be started at the beginning of next month.
11:16 < _|Nix|_> Oh, very nice!
11:17 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: Yes, we may need SDK team
11:17 < Changsuk> s
11:17 < Changsuk> 's help.
11:17 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: but, we can make it without SDK's support.
11:18 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: For sure, after all, all you need to do is add support for the possibility, and then the SDK team writes the code to make use of that support.
11:19 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: Anyway, my team will check it again before we start the job.
11:19 < _|Nix|_> OK.
11:19 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: yes, right. but SDK team won't change their work or plan easily.
11:21 < _|Nix|_> Of course not. This async thing is very involved, and we have to be able to prove that it's worth the effort.
11:21 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: Anyway, we should find a way without SDK's support or ask them to support us. 
11:21 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: yes, right.
11:22 < _|Nix|_> OK. Sounds like you've got things well-covered.
11:22 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: I'll email you next monday so as to get the performance work status in detail.
11:23 < _|Nix|_> OK.
11:23 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: ha ha ... Thanks. :)
11:24 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: And... All of your ideas help us to improve performance. Thanks~!
11:24 < _|Nix|_> No - thank /you/! It's good to know there's a whole team working on this stuff!
11:25 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: ha ha... yeah.
11:25 < _|Nix|_> OK ... so, given that we're almost 30 minutes over, are there any other topics we need to discuss?
11:26 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: we're always over our time... :)
11:26 < Kangsik> Yes. I had fixed bugs in virtualgrid demo page. 
11:26 < Kangsik> now you will  see the demo page. :-)
11:26 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: No, I talked all. 
11:26 < _|Nix|_> Kangsik: Great!
11:26  * _|Nix|_ goes and refreshes the demo page :)
11:27 < _|Nix|_> Kangsik: I see you've switched to dist/web-ui-fw.js ...
11:27 < _|Nix|_> Kangsik: ... any particular reason?
11:28 < _|Nix|_> Kangsik: Super-cool! Works fine now!
11:28 < Kangsik> _|Nix|_: Thank :-)
11:29 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: ha ha... You could resolve on your own... 
11:29 < _|Nix|_> Kangsik: ... Hmm it works, but only if I load the page directly. If I follow the link from demos/ then it doesn't work.
11:30 < _|Nix|_> Kangsik: Anyway ... good work! We can work out these kinks as we go along.
11:31 < Kangsik> _|Nix|_: hmm.. I will fix it.
11:31 < _|Nix|_> Kangsik: Great! Thanks!
11:31 < _|Nix|_> OK. I guess we'll (continune to ;) ) have our hands full :)
11:31 < Hyunsook> _|Nix|_: maybe.... other widgets's demo also doesnot work, if I follow the link from demos/.
11:32 < _|Nix|_> Hyunsook: Yeah, we should definitely check that.
11:32 < _|Nix|_> Hyunsook: If you find anything broken, please file an issue.
11:32 < Hyunsook> _|Nix|_: Ok, I see.
11:33 < Changsuk> All: Ok, then... Shall we close our meeting? I'll go out to take dinner because some members in my team are waiting for me....
11:33 < _|Nix|_> OK.
11:33 < Changsuk> All: I'm so sorry...
11:33 < _|Nix|_> have a good weekend all!
11:33 < _|Nix|_> Good work, everybody!
11:33 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: You, too.
11:34 < _|Nix|_> I'll see y'all next week. I'll post the log to web-ui-fw.github.com/irc-logs
11:34 < Kangsik> Have a good weekend all! see you again. :-)
11:34 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: Have a nice weekend and talk to you later~! :)
11:34 < Hyunsook> Have a nice weekend~ All~~
11:34 < Changsuk> _|Nix|_: Thanks for your posting~!!! :)
11:34 < Hyunsook> Bye~ :)
11:35 < _|Nix|_> Changsuk: NP!
11:35 < _|Nix|_> Bye, all!
11:36 < Kangsik> Bye.  :-)
--- Log closed Thu May 02 12:02:19 2013
