--- Log opened Tue Mar 18 08:53:57 2014
09:00 < _|Nix|_> Hey, all! It's open season on 1.5.0!
09:01 -!- Hyunsook [~Hyunsook@121.133.176.4] has joined #web-ui-fw
09:01 < Kangsik> Hi All~~ :-)
09:01 < Minkyeong> YAHHH
09:01 < Minkyeong> Hi, all!
09:02 < Hyunsook> Hi~ All~
09:03 < Hyunsook> _|Nix|_: Do you know about 1.5 schedule/plan?
09:03 < uGoMobi_> hi all
09:03 < Hyunsook> Oh! uGoMobi, Hi~ ^^
09:04 < Hyunsook> uGoMobi: eh? Did you change your nick name, right?
09:04 < _|Nix|_> Hyunsook: Only what's on our roadmap - and even that seems like a tall order right now.
09:04 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi_: Are you having ghost issues?
09:04 < uGoMobi_> ah
09:04 -!- uGoMobi_ is now known as uGoMobi
09:04 < Hyunsook> uGoMobi: ^^
09:05 < uGoMobi> :)
09:05 < _|Nix|_> there we go :)
09:05 < Hyunsook> _|Nix|_: ah, ok, I see.
09:05 < _|Nix|_> IRC is a haunted place ...
09:06 < _|Nix|_> Alright.
09:06 < _|Nix|_> So, what's new?
09:06 < _|Nix|_> Have you had a chance to look at the button widget?
09:06 < Hyunsook> uGoMobi: Currently, Kangsik is working the style option removal for Button widget.
09:07 < uGoMobi> great!
09:07 < _|Nix|_> That's awesome!
09:07 < Hyunsook> uGoMobi, _|Nix|_, Kangsik: Maybe he will create new issue for Button widget, and then upload modifications via PR.
09:08 < Hyunsook> uGoMobi, _|Nix|_, Kangsik: Kangsik, right?
09:08 < _|Nix|_> Yep, that's right.
09:08 < uGoMobi> ok
09:08 < _|Nix|_> I mean, that's the process.
09:08 < uGoMobi> did we already take a look at the JS and CSS of all widgets where we are going to remove style options?
09:09 < Kangsik> Hyunsook : Yep. I am doing...
09:09 < uGoMobi> to see if we might run into issues
09:09 < Kangsik> All : Please check my code, when i commit to github.
09:09 < Kangsik> All : and talk to your opinion.
09:09 < _|Nix|_> Absolutely. Looking forward to it.
09:09 < _|Nix|_> Kangsik: Will you also remove iconshadow?
09:10 < _|Nix|_> Kangsik: That option is already deprecated, so you can just remove the code entirely.
09:11 < _|Nix|_> Kangsik: All the places where code can be removed are marked with /* TODO: Deprecated in 1.4, remove in 1.5. */
09:11 < Hyunsook> uGoMobi: hmm... my team looked at JS and CSS for all widgets we're going to remove.
09:11 < Kangsik> _|Nix|_: i ignore default option like a shadow.
09:11 < uGoMobi> Hyunsook: perfect, thanks
09:12 < _|Nix|_> Kangsik: How do you mean? I'm talking about iconshadow, not shadow.
09:12 < Hyunsook> uGoMobi: ... and we will check continuously/again when we remove style option of one widget.
09:13 < Kangsik> _|Nix|_: Ahh.... I am sorry. shadow == iconshadow.
09:13 < uGoMobi> Hyunsook: that's great
09:13 < _|Nix|_> Kangsik: OK, then I will remove the options separately.
09:13 < _|Nix|_> Kangsik: I mean, I will remove the iconshadow option separately.
09:14 < Hyunsook> uGoMobi: ... I mean that all widget is 10 widget that we already discussed.
09:14 < uGoMobi> when Kangsik's PR for button is up we should take some time to review
09:14 < _|Nix|_> Yeah, for sure!
09:15 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: We also agreed to provide classes that negate the effect of the defaults, which will now be hardcoded, right?
09:15 < uGoMobi> besides Alex we should ask Scott and Jorn to look at it too
09:15 < Hyunsook> _|Nix|_: In case of iconshadow, Kangsik will remove that.
09:15 < uGoMobi> _|Nix|_: yes, for convenience
09:16 < _|Nix|_> Hyunsook: Oh, that's great!
09:16 < uGoMobi> _|Nix|_: see https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/wiki/1.5-Style-options-removal#notes
09:16 < Hyunsook> _|Nix|_: ^^
09:16 < _|Nix|_> Right, right ... gotcha ...
09:17 < uGoMobi> Hyunsook Kangsik _|Nix|_ : maybe we do have to remove iconShadow separately
09:18 < _|Nix|_> Oh, let's not forget to update the demos and API docs as well!
09:18 < uGoMobi> because we will squash all commits of a PR that removes the style options from one widget, but iconShadow removal has to land in a separate commit
09:18 < uGoMobi> because it has to be in the changelog
09:18 < Hyunsook> _|Nix|_: Sure.
09:19 < Hyunsook> uGoMobi: ah.....
09:19 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: A PR can fix two issues. We also don't have to squash all the commits.
09:19 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: But OK, either way's fine.
09:20 < uGoMobi> _|Nix|_: yes, it's fine if it's in one PR, just have to make sure it is done in a separate commit and we don't squash that one
09:20 < _|Nix|_> Exactly, and we need a separate issue for the iconshadow removal.
09:20 < uGoMobi> _|Nix|_: yes
09:20 < Hyunsook> uGoMobi: Then, we will ignore iconshadow.
09:21 < _|Nix|_> OK, let's just make it two PRs then.
09:21 < _|Nix|_> Not that much more overhead.
09:21 < uGoMobi> ok
09:21 < Hyunsook> agreed!
09:21 < _|Nix|_> Looking forward to the PR!
09:21 < Kangsik> Yep. I see :-)
09:22 < _|Nix|_> How will we coordinate the API docs PR and the library PR?
09:22 < uGoMobi> I think selectmenu is the only other widget with option iconShadow
09:22 < _|Nix|_> Yep.
09:22 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: Do we just cross-reference the issues?
09:23 < Hyunsook> _|Nix|_, uGoMobi: It is worrying for me.
09:23 < uGoMobi> _|Nix|_: for the API docs we don't need an issue ticket for all commits
09:23 < _|Nix|_> Hyunsook: What is worrying for you?
09:23 < uGoMobi> _|Nix|_: we can just create a PR with the changes
09:24 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: Oh, OK. I've been following the same process as the library. I guess I can skip issue creation.
09:24 < Hyunsook> _|Nix|_: ah. your word, "How will we coordinate the API docs PR and the library PR?"
09:25 < _|Nix|_> Hyunsook: Oh, don't worry about it. A PR against the API docs is sufficient. You can refer to the issue against the library from the PR comments.
09:25 < _|Nix|_> Hyunsook: Like, "This provides the API docs portion for the button widget style option removal (https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/issues/nnnn)"
09:25 < uGoMobi> the only important thing is that we do one widget at the time
09:26 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: ... and land one widget at a time.
09:26 < Hyunsook> _|Nix|_: ah. ok.
09:26 < uGoMobi> _|Nix|_: yes
09:26 < Hyunsook> uGoMobi: Yep.
09:27 < Hyunsook> _|Nix|_, uGoMobi: Right.
09:28 < Hyunsook> _|Nix|_, uGoMobi: we didn't forget that - one widget at the time. ^^
09:28 < uGoMobi> besides updating demos and API docs I also want to update 1.5 upgrade guide before moving on
09:28 -!- [2]Minkyeong [~Minkyeong@121.133.176.4] has joined #web-ui-fw
09:29 < uGoMobi> I will make a branch for that at the jquerymobile.com repo
09:29 -!- [2]Minkyeong [~Minkyeong@121.133.176.4] has quit [Client Quit]
09:29 < uGoMobi> and we need to test the ThemeRoller
09:29 -!- [1]Minkyeong [~Minkyeong@121.133.176.4] has joined #web-ui-fw
09:29 < uGoMobi> so we need a 1.5 branch at the TR repo as well
09:30 < uGoMobi> [0]Minkyeong  ?
09:30 < Hyunsook> uGoMobi: ah, I see.
09:30 < uGoMobi> ;-)
09:30 < Hyunsook> Minkyeong is ghost.....?
09:30 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: Maybe we should make a checklist.
09:30 < uGoMobi> I see a count down
09:30 < _|Nix|_> Who you gonna call? GHOSTBUSTERS!
09:30 < uGoMobi> _|Nix|_: let's add this at the top of the wiki page if it's not already there
09:31 < Kangsik> _|Nix|_:  Ha Ha . :-)
09:31 -!- Minkyeong [~Minkyeong@121.133.176.4] has quit [Ping timeout: 264 seconds]
09:31 -!- [1]Minkyeong is now known as Minkyeong
09:31 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: I was gonna suggest a spreadsheet: [Button][link to lib PR][link to API doc PR][link to TR PR][link to upgrade guide PR]
09:31 < uGoMobi> hehe welcome back Minkyeong 
09:31 < Minkyeong> all: I'm sorry my network status is ghost
09:31 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: We can paint the cells red for not-yet-landed, and green for has-landed.
09:32 < uGoMobi> Minkyeong: no worries
09:32 < uGoMobi> _|Nix|_: sure
09:32 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: We don't even need to add all the widgets ahead of time. We can just add them as we start working on them.
09:32 < uGoMobi> _|Nix|_: yeah
09:33 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: I'll link the spreadsheet from the wiki page.
09:33 < Hyunsook> _|Nix|_: Yes
09:33 < uGoMobi> other thing is tests
09:34 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: Well, if we /did/ test whether a given style option works, then that test will almost certainly fail.
09:34 < uGoMobi> when I changed theme inheritance from JS to CSS I added some tests that checks if an element had the right style
09:34 < uGoMobi> with .css()
09:35 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: Actually, the tests shouldn't be change until we actually /remove/ the style options.
09:35 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: In 1.5.0 they still have to work.
09:35 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: so, .button( "option", "corners", false ) must still result in the removal of the ui-corner-all class.
09:36 < uGoMobi> _|Nix|_: maybe we could/should add tests if the new way works as well?
09:37 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: I guess the only test we could add is to make sure that the corner radius on a button wrapper that has the ui-no-corners class is 0.
09:37 < uGoMobi> what I wanted to say is that I used the values from the default theme in my theme inheritance tests...
09:37 < _|Nix|_> Yeah, we have a few tests against RGB values.
09:37 < uGoMobi> but every change in the default theme breaks the tests
09:37 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: ... but the addition of the ui-no-corners class is a separate change from the style option removal, right?
09:38 < uGoMobi> so we might want to add a custom theme to tests/ for testing
09:39 < uGoMobi> _|Nix|_: yes, it's basically a new feature
09:40 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: OK ... it must be that I haven't had breakfast yet, but what exactly are the JS changes for button? I mean, aside from adding comments that corner and shadow are deprecated, no JS changes need to be made, because the code still has to work in 1.5.0.
09:41 < uGoMobi> hmm
09:41 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: The real work will be to make sure that you can still turn off corners with the ui-no-corners class, that the TR works, and that the demos are updated to use the ui-no-corners class instead of data-corners="false"
09:42 < _|Nix|_> ... and that the API docs are updated to mark options corners and shadow as deprecated, and that they document the alternative.
09:42 < _|Nix|_> So, to accomplish style option /deprecation/ for the button widget, the ui-no-corners class is a prerequisite.
09:42 < uGoMobi> deprecating changes like this is not easy :(
09:43 < _|Nix|_> Basically, we need to update all our repos to not use data-corners="false"
09:43 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: This is actually similar to the following change we made in 1.4: data-role="content" -> class="ui-content" role="main"
09:44 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: It's not so much a code change as a CSS/demos/API docs/TR change.
09:44 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: The code change will come in 1.6, where we simply delete the lines marked with the deprecated comment.
09:44 < uGoMobi> _|Nix|_: yeah it looks like it
09:45 < _|Nix|_> But Kangsik is here to make sure that this really is the way I said it.
09:45 < uGoMobi> "In case the default for a style option is true, the corresponding class will always be added by the widget after removing that option."
09:45 < uGoMobi> ^^^ that is something that needs to wait until 1.6
09:46 < uGoMobi> right _|Nix|_ ?
09:47 < _|Nix|_> Yes
09:47 < _|Nix|_> That code is already in place in button._enhance(). It will stay there.
09:47 < _|Nix|_> The code that will be removed in 1.6 is the _setOptions() switch that removes the class.
09:50  * _|Nix|_ is grepping the lib for occurrences of data-corners="false"
09:51 < _|Nix|_> We have exactly one button widget in the demos that turns off corners: ./demos/button/index.php:57
09:52 < _|Nix|_> So, you just have to replace data-corners="false" with data-wrapper-class="ui-no-corners"
09:52 < _|Nix|_> But, as I said, having ui-no-corners is a prerequisite for that.
09:52 < uGoMobi> _|Nix|_: right
09:53 < uGoMobi> _|Nix|_: or use one of the other possible ways that I described
09:53 < uGoMobi> overwrite in CSS for example
09:53 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: Well, the CSS could be made part of the demo and added as a CSS tab to the View Source button for the demo.
09:54 < uGoMobi> _|Nix|_: yes
09:54 < uGoMobi> _|Nix|_: it's good that we start with the button widget which has most style options
09:55 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: After all, the ui-corner-none or ui-no-corners or whatever we are going to call it will be a convenience class in the absence of which you can call your class whatever.
09:55 < uGoMobi> _|Nix|_: true
09:55 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: We can later update the demo to use the convenience class and remove the CSS tab from the "View Source" popup.
09:55 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: The point is you can turn off corners without using JS.
09:55 < uGoMobi> _|Nix|_: yeah
09:56 < _|Nix|_> ... and you can do it per-widget.
09:56 < _|Nix|_> ... or you can do it per-theme from TR.
09:56 < uGoMobi> _|Nix|_: might be good to create a PR for buttonMarkup removal already
09:57 < _|Nix|_> I think we already have an issue about that.
09:57 < _|Nix|_> We do have some places where we <a href="#" data-role="button"> in the demos - despite our best efforts.
09:57 < uGoMobi> _|Nix|_: if we land that we can rebase the "button-widget-style-options-removal-branch"
09:58 < _|Nix|_> Yeah.
09:58 < uGoMobi> _|Nix|_: yeah, we will notice after removing the code
09:58 < _|Nix|_>  https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/issues/6568
09:58 < uGoMobi> _|Nix|_: ok great
09:58 < _|Nix|_> That issue makes references to other issues to check when landing.
09:59 < uGoMobi> perfect
10:00 < _|Nix|_> I'll take the issue.
10:00 < _|Nix|_> I've wanted to get rid of buttonMarkup for so long ... *sniff*
10:00  * _|Nix|_ wipes a tear from the corner of his eye
10:00 < uGoMobi> lol
10:01 < uGoMobi> _|Nix|_: are we still in a meeting here? :)
10:01 < _|Nix|_> I guess ... 
10:02 < _|Nix|_> ... but if everybody agrees that we've discussed all topics sufficiently, then we can call it.
10:02 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: I was thinking to keep buttonMarkup tests, but to convert them to CSS tests.
10:02 < uGoMobi> _|Nix|_: sounds good
10:03 < uGoMobi> _|Nix|_: do you think we should separate those from the other tests?
10:03 < _|Nix|_> They are separate.
10:03 < Hyunsook> _|Nix|_, uGoMobi: hmmm..... I'm very sorry, but .... can you explan us your discussion point and result?
10:03 < Hyunsook> _|Nix|_, uGoMobi: .... I'm having difficulty following your discussion...
10:04 < _|Nix|_> Hyunsook: We've deprecated .buttonMarkup() so now we have to remove it.
10:04 < uGoMobi> _|Nix|_: I meant in separate directory
10:04 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: We already have tests/unit/button-markup
10:04 < uGoMobi> _|Nix|_: tests/css/buttons I mean
10:04 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: Exactly what I was thinking.
10:04 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi:  You beat me to it :)
10:05 < _|Nix|_> Touché!
10:05 < uGoMobi> :)
10:05 < uGoMobi> _|Nix|_: there we could add a static custom theme
10:05 < Hyunsook> _|Nix|_: ah..... I se...
10:06 < Hyunsook> _|Nix|_: Oops! I se -> I see.*
10:07 < _|Nix|_> Hyunsook: However, we would like to keep button-markup-related tests, but turn them into css tests - like deepEqual( $( "#test-inline.ui-btn-inline" ).css( "display" ), "inline-block", "Button with ui-btn-inline class has display inline-block" );
10:07 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: Well, actually, I would say that we should test structure.
10:07 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: The example I give Hyunsook above is more structural than theme.
10:08 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: ... and we can test corners like this: ok( $( "#test-corners.ui-corner-all" ).css( "border-radius" ) != 0, "Border radius is not zero" );
10:08 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: So, we don't actually care what the border radius is, as long as it's not 0.
10:08 < uGoMobi> yes
10:09 < _|Nix|_> There might be places where we have to test against specific values, but I'd try to avoid them.
10:09 < _|Nix|_> Or at least minimize their number.
10:09 < uGoMobi> _|Nix|_: but that's more a test to check if the JS didn't mess up the style
10:10 < _|Nix|_> uGoMobi: Well, no, it's a test to make sure the CSS works, because no JS is involved in <a id="test-inline" href="#" class="ui-btn ui-btn-inline">Blah</a>
10:10 < uGoMobi> well, actually it's also testing if the class works
10:10 < _|Nix|_> Exactly.
10:10 < uGoMobi> right
10:11 < uGoMobi> ok sounds good
10:11 < _|Nix|_> OK. I think this is a separate issue from style option removal, because this is already in the removal phase rather than the deprecation phase, so we can talk more about this in -dev.
10:11 < _|Nix|_> Let's wrap this up for the week.
10:12 < _|Nix|_> Hyunsook, Kangsik, Minkyeong: Have we covered all topics in sufficient detail?
10:13 < Hyunsook> _|Nix|_, uGoMobi: I think, we told you and uGoMobi all topics for the style option removal.
10:13 < uGoMobi> ok
10:13 < _|Nix|_> Excellent!
10:13 < _|Nix|_> Have a good weekend, all! Let's talk more next week!
10:13 < uGoMobi> thanks everyone
10:13 < uGoMobi> _|Nix|_: weekend?
10:14 < uGoMobi> it's not Thursday
10:14 < Hyunsook> _|Nix|_, uGoMobi: if there are any topics or issues this week or next week, I'll tell you via email or IRC room.
10:14 < _|Nix|_> Well, there's a weekend in-between this meeting and the next.
10:14 < uGoMobi> Hyunsook: perfect, thanks!
10:14 < _|Nix|_> Hyunsook: Yeah.
10:14 < Kangsik> Yep. Have a nice day. :-)
10:14 < _|Nix|_> Have an eventual nice weekend :)
10:14 < _|Nix|_> ... and nice days until then.
10:14 < Minkyeong> See y'all next week :)
10:14 < _|Nix|_> , all.
10:14 < _|Nix|_> :)
10:14 < Hyunsook> _|Nix|_, uGoMobi: haha~
10:15 < Hyunsook> Have a nice days~ ^^
10:15 < uGoMobi> have a nice Monday evening _|Nix|_ 
10:15 < _|Nix|_> :)
10:15 < uGoMobi> bye all
13:14 -!- ilkka_____ [uid14014@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gooigalyzlvnxurr] has joined #web-ui-fw
20:23 -!- Minkyeong [~Minkyeong@121.133.176.4] has quit [Read error: Connection reset by peer]
20:42 -!- uGoMobi [uid6652@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pkhsczikajaduoae] has quit [Quit: Connection closed for inactivity]
23:24 -!- uGoMobi [uid6652@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bzxraogkmmohnupf] has joined #web-ui-fw
--- Day changed Wed Mar 19 2014
17:45 -!- ilkka_____ [uid14014@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gooigalyzlvnxurr] has quit [Quit: Connection closed for inactivity]
18:30 -!- ilkka_____ [uid14014@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xgqwhcofqtecztzg] has joined #web-ui-fw
--- Log closed Wed Mar 19 21:32:29 2014
